Rework localization! (#1619)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/localization/localizationprovider.md

description: The LocalizationProvider component automatically queries the Storefront API's localization field for the isoCode and name of the country and keeps this information in a context.
---

> The `LocalizationProvider` component provides localization data in a context that can be used both within server and client components by the `useLocalization()` hook. The default localization data is defined from your `hydrogen.config.js` file. You can change the active country and langauge at runtime by passing `countryCode` and `languageCode` props to the `LocalizationProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `LocalizationProvider` component provides localization data in a context that can be used both within server and client components by the [`useLocalization`](https://shopify.dev/api/hydrogen/hooks/localization/uselocalization) hook. The default localization data is defined in your [Hydrogen configuration file](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/hydrogen-config). You can change the active country and language at runtime by passing `countryCode` and `languageCode` props to the `LocalizationProvider`.
```

| Name     | Type                        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| -------- | --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| children | <code>ReactNode</code>      | A `ReactNode` element.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | countryCode? | <code>isoCode</code> <code>string</code> | The `isoCode` for the country. |
> | languageCode? | <code>isoCode</code> <code>string</code> | The `isoCode` for the language country. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| countryCode? | <code>string</code> | The [code](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/latest/enums/CountryCode) designating a country or region, which generally follows ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 guidelines. |
| languageCode? | <code>string</code> | The ISO 639-1 [language codes](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/2022-04/enums/LanguageCode) supported by Shopify.  |
```
